Uniq for iOS
=============

**Overview:**  
All of us who went through the painful college application process can remember just how hard it was to select the right programs from thousands of choices and making sure each one of the applications was submitted on time. Is it really necessary to go through so much anxiety and effort? At Uniq, we are creating the next generation mobile college application guide specifically made for high school students. The app can save an enormous amount of time by delivering the exact information that students are looking for with just a few taps.   
                                                                        
**Our Mobile App Solution:**                                            
Uniq is a unique mobile application(appropriately named) for iOS and Android that brings the college researching and application process into one unified app. It allows high school students to explore and compare schools and programs within seconds. Uniq will use your information and adapt to what you value most in a school or program to provide personal recommendations, notifications, and deadlines alerts to guide you through the application process. With Uniq, students can significantly improve the quality of their college research while using less time than traditional methods.      
                                                                            
**Disclaimer:**                                               
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS \"AS IS\" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT HOLDER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.                                                                                      
Copyright (c) 2013-2014, Uniq.                              
All rights reserved.